I just wanted to take the time to reiterate the importance of
documentation and testing based on my years of experience in IT.
I know in the world of
software development documentation and testing can be afterthoughts,
but I can express how important testing is,
especially when you're working in an agile environment with CI/CD,
continuous integration and continuous deployment.
You really want to be sure that your one little change will not break
other functionality that is working just fine in production.
I currently serve as a software engineering manager with junior developers.
I always encourage them to think about the person coming behind them that will be
maintaining their code or clients that will be using the systems they create.
Documentation and testing may often be overlooked,
but they are necessities to help ease the maintenance process.